https://career5.successfactors.eu/portalcareer?_s.crb=NQ789J0%252bTt7pgSPDZ8xhlGN83dU%253d

Hi everyone,
I am sushmita and I have worked on game manager service.
And i been exposed to all technologies of backend(java spring boot), frontend(angular6) and database(mongo).
Game manager service is responsible to create new games
for single player timer based, multi player fastest fingure 
first and adaptive game engine.
 Game Creators can create different games based on the 
 supported game types. For example, for the "Single Player
 Timed-based Game Type", there can be games with varying
 levels, scores, and marks.
Lets assume one scenario of hiring candidates in any 
organization where this service can be used.
Say an organization has to hire few number of candidates
of fresher level profile and team lead profile.
So this is the place where we can use this service in
creating games for hiring employees of beginner level as 
well as experienced level also.
For beginners the organisation can use our games designed for 
beginner level i.e easy level
And for hiring experienced people, organisation can use games
designed for advanced level i.e using advanced questions
and less time and negative marks on each wrong attempted 
questions.

2 types of Data Modelling is done for designing all the
3 types of games.
The main challenge I faced in modelling games was to 
create games of different configurations,where questions
are divided based on different levels.
(i.e. easy level questions, medium level and advance level
questions).
And for each level of questions, score per question is 
defined and time per question is defined.
All questions of particular topic is sent by Question
generator service.
These questions are received by game manager and filtered 
on the basis of game type requirements.
Questions are filtered in such a way that it should not get
repeated by any user and every user gets a new and unique questions sets.
For communicating with all the 3 game engines and 
recommended service landing page, rest templates url have been exposed
so that all the game engines get all game data with
(set of rules, description, levels, game name, score & 
time per question) from here to be able to play games
And also we are using Kafka for this.
All the single player games and multi player games and adaptive games data 
are stored in a single mongo database where for each type of games there is different 
document collections.









